frontend/README.md, before:

# FairWorkly Frontend

React 18 + TypeScript + Vite SPA for FairWorkly, an AI-powered HR compliance copilot for Australian SMEs.

> Repo status: scaffolded. Feature modules, routes, state, and API layers exist; backend wiring is still pending.

## Quick start (from repo root)

```bash
cd FairWorkly/frontend
npm install
npm run dev       # Vite dev server (http://localhost:5173)
npm run build     # tsc -b + Vite production build
npm run preview   # serve the production build locally
npm run lint      # ESLint
```

Node 18+ is recommended. Dependencies are local (no global installs required).

## Storybook

```bash
cd FairWorkly/frontend
npm run storybook        # UI dev server (http://localhost:6006)
npm run build-storybook  # static Storybook build
```

## Project structure

- `src/main.tsx` - Vite entry; mounts BrowserRouter, React Query, Redux, and MUI Theme providers.
- `src/app/App.tsx` - route assembly via `useRoutes`.
- `src/app/routes/*.routes.tsx` - route arrays; `src/app/routes/index.tsx` includes `MainLayout` if you choose to use `AppRoutes`.
- `src/app/providers/` - Redux and MUI theme providers.
- `src/modules/*` - feature modules with `pages/`, `features/`, `hooks/`, `types/`, `ui/`.
- `src/shared/components/` - reusable UI (`ui/`, `feedback/`, `layout/`, `guards/`, `storybook/`).
- `src/shared/constants/`, `src/shared/types/`, `src/shared/utils/`, `src/shared/hooks/` - shared contracts and helpers (see `src/shared/README.md`).
- `src/services/` - axios client and API modules.
- `src/store/`, `src/slices/` - Redux store and slices (auth/ui/notifications scaffolds).
- `src/assets/`, `public/` - static assets.
- `src/index.css`, `src/styles/` - global styling entries.

## Routing and navigation

- Route configs live in `src/app/routes/*.routes.tsx`.
- Navigation labels and routes are centralized in `src/shared/constants/navigation.constants.ts` and consumed by `Topbar`/`Sidebar`.
- `FairBotChat` currently renders the shared `Sidebar` directly for a three-column layout; reconcile with `MainLayout` if you later wrap routes.
- FairBot layout widths are set in `src/modules/fairbot/constants/fairbot.constants.ts` (`GRID_TEMPLATE_COLUMNS`, `SIDEBAR_COLUMN_WIDTH`).
- Import alias: `@/` maps to `src/` (see `vite.config.ts` and `tsconfig.app.json`).

## State, data, and API

- React Query is wired in `src/main.tsx` and available through `useApiQuery`/`useApiMutation` in `src/shared/hooks/`.
- Redux store is configured in `src/store/` with slices under `src/slices/`.
- API modules live in `src/services/` and use the shared axios client in `src/services/httpClient.ts`.

## Styling and UI

- MUI v7 + Emotion are used for layout and components.
- Theme is defined in `src/shared/styles/theme.ts` and applied via `ThemeProvider`.
- Keep global styles minimal; prefer component-scoped styling with MUI/Emotion.

## Environment variables

Vite exposes env vars prefixed with `VITE_`. Examples:

```env
VITE_API_BASE_URL=https://api.example.com
VITE_AUTH_AUDIENCE=...
```

Create a `.env` or `.env.local` under `FairWorkly/frontend/` as needed; do not commit secrets.

## Quality and testing

- ESLint is configured via `eslint.config.js` (`npm run lint`).
- Storybook is configured under `.storybook/`. Vitest integration is set in `vite.config.ts` for storybook tests.
- Jest is listed in dev dependencies, but no project-level test scripts/configs exist yet.

## Documentation links

- Product/context: `../docs/PRD.md`, `../docs/TDD.md`, `../docs/erd.md`
- Repo conventions: `../../AGENTS.md`

## Contributing workflow

1) Branch from `main`.
2) Add or adjust routes in `src/app/routes/*.routes.tsx` and update navigation constants if needed.
3) Keep feature work inside `src/modules/*` and shared elements in `src/shared/`.
4) Run `npm run lint` before opening a PR; add tests or Storybook stories when introducing new UI behavior.

Commit message:

Enhance FairBot UI by adding detailed labels and summaries in constants, implementing QuickSummary component for result display, and updating ResultsPanel to pass current result data. Prepare for future authentication integration with ProtectedRoute stubs in routing documentation.

frontend/README.md, after:

# FairWorkly Frontend

React 18 + TypeScript + Vite SPA for FairWorkly, an AI-powered HR compliance copilot for Australian SMEs.

> Repo status: scaffolded. Feature modules, routes, state, and API layers exist; backend wiring is still pending.

## Quick start (from repo root)

```bash
cd FairWorkly/frontend
npm install
npm run dev       # Vite dev server (http://localhost:5173)
npm run build     # tsc -b + Vite production build
npm run preview   # serve the production build locally
npm run lint      # ESLint
```

Node 18+ is recommended. Dependencies are local (no global installs required).

## Storybook

```bash
cd FairWorkly/frontend
npm run storybook        # UI dev server (http://localhost:6006)
npm run build-storybook  # static Storybook build
```

## Project structure

- `src/main.tsx` - Vite entry; mounts BrowserRouter, React Query, Redux, and MUI Theme providers.
- `src/app/App.tsx` - route assembly via `useRoutes`.
- `src/app/routes/*.routes.tsx` - route arrays; `src/app/routes/index.tsx` includes `MainLayout` if you choose to use `AppRoutes`.
- `src/app/providers/` - Redux and MUI theme providers.
- `src/modules/*` - feature modules with `pages/`, `features/`, `hooks/`, `types/`, `ui/`.
- `src/shared/components/` - reusable UI (`ui/`, `feedback/`, `layout/`, `guards/`, `storybook/`).
- `src/shared/constants/`, `src/shared/types/`, `src/shared/utils/`, `src/shared/hooks/` - shared contracts and helpers (see `src/shared/README.md`).
- `src/services/` - axios client and API modules.
- `src/store/`, `src/slices/` - Redux store and slices (auth/ui/notifications scaffolds).
- `src/assets/`, `public/` - static assets.
- `src/index.css`, `src/styles/` - global styling entries.

## Routing and navigation

- Route configs live in `src/app/routes/*.routes.tsx`.
- Navigation labels and routes are centralized in `src/shared/constants/navigation.constants.ts` and consumed by `Topbar`/`Sidebar`.
- `ProtectedRoute` is stubbed to unauthenticated, so tool routes redirect to `/login` until auth is wired in `src/shared/components/guards/ProtectedRoute.tsx`.
- Keep `NAV_ROUTES` aligned with route configs to avoid dead links while modules are scaffolded.
- `FairBotChat` currently renders the shared `Sidebar` directly for a three-column layout; reconcile with `MainLayout` if you later wrap routes.
- FairBot layout widths are set in `src/modules/fairbot/constants/fairbot.constants.ts` (`GRID_TEMPLATE_COLUMNS`, `SIDEBAR_COLUMN_WIDTH`).
- Import alias: `@/` maps to `src/` (see `vite.config.ts` and `tsconfig.app.json`).

## State, data, and API

- React Query is wired in `src/main.tsx` and available through `useApiQuery`/`useApiMutation` in `src/shared/hooks/`.
- Redux store is configured in `src/store/` with slices under `src/slices/`.
- API modules live in `src/services/` and use the shared axios client in `src/services/httpClient.ts`.

## Styling and UI

- MUI v7 + Emotion are used for layout and components.
- Theme is defined in `src/shared/styles/theme.ts` and applied via `ThemeProvider`.
- Keep global styles minimal; prefer component-scoped styling with MUI/Emotion.

## Environment variables

Vite exposes env vars prefixed with `VITE_`. Examples:

```env
VITE_API_BASE_URL=https://api.example.com
VITE_AUTH_AUDIENCE=...
```

Create a `.env` or `.env.local` under `FairWorkly/frontend/` as needed; do not commit secrets.

## Quality and testing

- ESLint is configured via `eslint.config.js` (`npm run lint`).
- Storybook is configured under `.storybook/`. Vitest integration is set in `vite.config.ts` for storybook tests.
- Jest is listed in dev dependencies, but no project-level test scripts/configs exist yet.

## Documentation links

- Product/context: `../docs/PRD.md`, `../docs/TDD.md`, `../docs/erd.md`
- Repo conventions: `../../AGENTS.md`

## Contributing workflow

1) Branch from `main`.
2) Add or adjust routes in `src/app/routes/*.routes.tsx` and update navigation constants if needed.
3) Keep feature work inside `src/modules/*` and shared elements in `src/shared/`.
4) Run `npm run lint` before opening a PR; add tests or Storybook stories when introducing new UI behavior.
