README.md, before:

# FairWorkly — AI-Powered HR & Compliance Copilot for Australian SMEs 🇦🇺

FairWorkly is an AI-driven HR compliance platform built to help Australian small and medium businesses stay compliant with Fair Work, NES, and Modern Awards — without becoming legal experts.

This MVP includes four core AI Agents designed to automate and streamline HR compliance, document creation, payroll checks, and employee self-service.

---

## 🚀 Key Features (4 AI Agents)

### 1. **Compliance Agent**

AI-driven Q&A + rule interpretation for:

- NES minimum standards
- Modern Awards
- Overtime / penalty rates
- Rosters, shift rules, weekend/public holiday handling
- Risk assessment: low / medium / high
- CSV roster upload → rule violation detection + cost estimate

### 2. **Document & Contract Agent**

- Generate customised documents (Offer Letter, Contract, Warning Letter…)
- Multi-step form → AI generates legal-friendly drafts
- Automatic NES/Award compliance checks (soft constraints)
- Upload existing templates → highlight risk gaps

### 3. **Payroll & STP Check Agent**

Second line of defence (not a payroll system).

- Upload pay run CSV (Xero / KeyPay export)
- Detect suspected underpayments
- Compare base rate vs Award minimum (industry subset)
- STP Phase 2 validation
- SG (Super Guarantee) check (12%)

### 4. **Employee Self-Service Agent**

- View personal documents (contract, policies, letters)
- Ask questions (“How much annual leave do I have?”)
- View next shift, employment details, status
- Award / overtime Q&A powered by Compliance Agent

---

## 🏗 System Architecture (MVP)

Commit message:

docs: add README documentation index for P0 architecture docs

README.md, after:

# FairWorkly

FairWorkly is a B2B SaaS platform that helps Australian SMEs make compliant, auditable, and explainable HR decisions.

👉 **New here? Start with:**  
📘 [Project Overview – How FairWorkly Works](docs/00-project-overview.md)

## What We Are Building

FairWorkly focuses on **agent-driven HR compliance**, with the following core agents in the MVP:

- **Compliance Agent**  
  Checks whether rosters and working arrangements comply with relevant Award rules.

- **Payroll Agent**  
  Validates whether _already-calculated_ pay outcomes comply with Award rules.

  > FairWorkly does **not** calculate payroll. Payroll calculation is handled by external systems.

- **FairBot**  
  Provides guided interaction and explanations across agents, helping users understand compliance outcomes.

## Getting Started

This section is intentionally minimal. Detailed architecture and workflows are documented separately.

### Frontend

cd frontend
pnpm install
pnpm dev

### Backend

cd backend
dotnet restore
dotnet run

## 📚 Documentation

Start here to understand how FairWorkly works and how to contribute safely.

1. 📘 [Project Overview – How FairWorkly Works](docs/00-project-overview.md)
2. 🧠 [Frontend Architecture Cheat Sheet](docs/01-frontend-architecture.md)
3. 🏗️ [Backend Architecture & Rules](docs/02-backend-architecture.md)
4. 🔄 [Development Workflow & PR Rules](docs/03-dev-workflow-and-pr.md)
